doc/configure-docusign.md, before:

# DocuSign configuration

## Types of signatures

- **Embedded Signature**: Allow to sign a document from a website or a mobile app by being redirected to DocuSign the sent back to the website or mobileApp
- **Remote Signature**: Send an Email to ask for a document signature.

## Format restrictions:

| TYPE | EXTENSION |
|------:|:----------|
|DOCUMENT | .doc, .docm, .docx, .dot, .dotm, .dotx, .htm, .html, .msg, .pdf, .rtf, .txt, .wpd, .xps |
|IMAGE | .bmp, .gif, .jpg, .jpeg, .png, .tif, .tiff |
|PRESENTATION | .pot, .potx, .pps, .ppt, .pptm, .pptx |
|SPREADSHEET | .csv, .xls, .xlsm, .xlsx |

| RECOMMENDATION  |  SPEC |
|----------------:|:------|
|MAXIMUM FILE SIZE | 25 MB |
|RECOMMENDED FILE SIZE | 5 MB |
|MAXIMUM # PAGES PER DOCUMENT | 2,000 pages |

## Add an integration key on DocuSign

First go and authenticate yourself in `https://admindemo.docusign.com`

1. In DocuSign Admin, click API and Keys. ![click API and Keys.](assets/menu_api_and_keys.png)
1. Click `ADD APP` / `INTEGRATION KEY`. ![go to Add Integration key](assets/add_integration_key.png)
1. Add a name for your app, then click ADD. ![click API and Keys.](assets/integration_key.png)
1. Select an authentication type:
    - **JSON Web Token Grant (Service Integration)** - This is used for a service integration which integrates directly with a DocuSign account. It requires an RSA keypair.
        - Create an RSA keypair.
          To generate a new keypair, click `ADD RSA KEYPAIR`. ![click API and Keys.](assets/add_rsa_key.png)
          **Important:** Copy the RSA keys to a secure location immediately after you create them. Secret keys and RSA keys are displayed in plain text only once: when they are first created. After that, for security purposes, DocuSign only shows the last 4 digits of any secret keys or the RSA Keypair ID of any keypairs generated. Secrets should be stored securely within your application. They should never be shared or disclosed publicly.
          ![copy private key.](assets/copy_private_rsa_key.png)
1. Click `ADD URI` and enter a `Redirect URI` for your application. When your application sends an authorization request to DocuSign, it includes the `Redirect URI` in the request. The Account Server verifies that the URI in the request and the URI in the application registration match and sends a request to this URI to continue the process. Your application can have more than one redirect `URI`. ![redirect uri.](assets/add_redirect_uri.png)
    **The URI must match the exact same URI of your application, without the last `/`.**
1. Click `SAVE`. Your integration key is generated and added to the list of keys. ![user guid.](assets/user_guid.png)

Set Your private key into `%kernel.project_dir%/var/jwt/docusign.pem`.
This path is configurable as following:

```yml
# config/packages/docusign.yml

docusign:
    # Authentication credentials to log into docusign.
    auth_jwt:
        private_key: "Path/To/Your/PrivateKey.pem"
        integration_key: "YourIntegrationKey"
        user_guid: "YourUserId"
        grant_type: authorization_code # Grant type (authorization_code or implicit)
```

Next: [Configure the bundle](configure-the-bundle.md)

[Go back](/README.md)

Commit message:

Add Clickwrap integration (#76)
* Add Clickwrap integration
* Add unit tests

doc/configure-docusign.md, after:

# DocuSign configuration

## Types of signatures

- **Embedded Signature**: Allow to sign a document from a website or a mobile app by being redirected to DocuSign the sent back to the website or mobileApp
- **Remote Signature**: Send an Email to ask for a document signature.
- **Clickwrap Signature**: Allow to sign a document by a single click (for example: "Terms and Conditions").

## Format restrictions:

| TYPE | EXTENSION |
|------:|:----------|
|DOCUMENT | .doc, .docm, .docx, .dot, .dotm, .dotx, .htm, .html, .msg, .pdf, .rtf, .txt, .wpd, .xps |
|IMAGE | .bmp, .gif, .jpg, .jpeg, .png, .tif, .tiff |
|PRESENTATION | .pot, .potx, .pps, .ppt, .pptm, .pptx |
|SPREADSHEET | .csv, .xls, .xlsm, .xlsx |

| RECOMMENDATION  |  SPEC |
|----------------:|:------|
|MAXIMUM FILE SIZE | 25 MB |
|RECOMMENDED FILE SIZE | 5 MB |
|MAXIMUM # PAGES PER DOCUMENT | 2,000 pages |

## Add an integration key on DocuSign

First go and authenticate yourself in `https://admindemo.docusign.com`

1. In DocuSign Admin, click API and Keys. ![click API and Keys.](assets/menu_api_and_keys.png)
1. Click `ADD APP` / `INTEGRATION KEY`. ![go to Add Integration key](assets/add_integration_key.png)
1. Add a name for your app, then click ADD. ![click API and Keys.](assets/integration_key.png)
1. Select an authentication type:
    - **JSON Web Token Grant (Service Integration)** - This is used for a service integration which integrates directly with a DocuSign account. It requires an RSA keypair.
        - Create an RSA keypair.
          To generate a new keypair, click `ADD RSA KEYPAIR`. ![click API and Keys.](assets/add_rsa_key.png)
          **Important:** Copy the RSA keys to a secure location immediately after you create them. Secret keys and RSA keys are displayed in plain text only once: when they are first created. After that, for security purposes, DocuSign only shows the last 4 digits of any secret keys or the RSA Keypair ID of any keypairs generated. Secrets should be stored securely within your application. They should never be shared or disclosed publicly.
          ![copy private key.](assets/copy_private_rsa_key.png)
1. Click `ADD URI` and enter a `Redirect URI` for your application. When your application sends an authorization request to DocuSign, it includes the `Redirect URI` in the request. The Account Server verifies that the URI in the request and the URI in the application registration match and sends a request to this URI to continue the process. Your application can have more than one redirect `URI`. ![redirect uri.](assets/add_redirect_uri.png)
    **The URI must match the exact same URI of your application, without the last `/`.**
1. Click `SAVE`. Your integration key is generated and added to the list of keys. ![user guid.](assets/user_guid.png)

Set Your private key into `%kernel.project_dir%/var/jwt/docusign.pem`.
This path is configurable as following:

```yml
# config/packages/docusign.yml

docusign:
    # Authentication credentials to log into docusign.
    auth_jwt:
        private_key: "Path/To/Your/PrivateKey.pem"
        integration_key: "YourIntegrationKey"
        user_guid: "YourUserId"
        grant_type: authorization_code # Grant type (authorization_code or implicit)
```

Next: [Configure the bundle](configure-the-bundle.md)

[Go back](/README.md)
